assessing money laundering risks around the world | basel aml index open main menu map ranking methodology subscription download sign in register open main menu map ranking methodology subscription downloads basel aml index assessing money laundering risks around the world map ranking webinar 2025 basel aml index launch catch up with the launch of the 2025 public edition of the basel aml index. it features an overview of this year&#39;s key findings and a discussion with experts from the european central bank, wolfsberg group and malawi financial intelligence authority. watch now public edition global snapshot of money laundering trends published annually, the public edition of the basel aml index ranks countries and jurisdictions with sufficient data to calculate a reliable risk score for money laundering and related financial crimes. holistic picture of money laundering risk the basel aml index is an independent ranking and risk assessment tool for money laundering and related financial crime risks. produced by the basel institute on governance since 2012, it provides a holistic picture of money laundering risks around the world. the risk scores are based on data from 17 publicly accessible sources such as the financial action task force , transparency international and the global initiative against transnational organized crime . indicators 17 domains 5 jurisdictions 177 explore methodology expert editions enhanced coverage explore and download our full data and analysis – updated quarterly and with free access for public, non-profit, multilateral and academic organisations, plus the media. more features. more insight. updated quarterly, the expert edition map and dashboard cover 203 countries and jurisdictions. you can filter and download the data, as well as visualise risk factors for each jurisdiction and compare risk scores to regional and world averages. the expert edition is a fast, efficient and cost-effective way to evaluate money laundering and related financial crime risks, benchmark risk assessment systems and fulfil regulatory and compliance requirements. expert edition plus offers a detailed spreadsheet and written analysis of the latest fatf data. this allows users to assess each fatf recommendation individually by focusing on specific compliance needs, for example due diligence or terrorist financing regulations. view subscription options free access the basel aml index expert edition and expert edition plus are free for public, non-profit, multilateral and academic organisations, plus the media. request free access latest news &amp; blog announcements and insights by the basel aml index team browse all news footer contact the basel aml index is developed and maintained by the international centre for asset recovery (icar) at the basel institute on governance. icar receives core funding from the governments of jersey, liechtenstein, norway, switzerland and the uk. basel institute on governance steinenring 60 4051 basel switzerland +41 61 205 55 11 index@baselgovernance.org baselgovernance.org aml index map ranking methodology subscription downloads newsletter enter your email to subscribe to the basel institute on governance newsletter subscribe to newsletter facebook whatsapp youtube linkedin basel institute on governance , all rights reserved. privacy statement
