news and events - egmont group the official version of the website is the english version. no warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, is made as to the accuracy, reliability, or correctness of any translations made from english into any other language. select language english spanish french arabic search about organization and structure egmont group funding ecofel leadership financial intelligence units money laundering and terrorist financing news and events working groups the information exchange working group (iewg) the membership, support and compliance working group (mscwg) the policy and procedures working group (ppwg) the technical assistance and training working group (tatwg) members by region member fiu information become a member affiliates become an observer resources careers news and events news and events featured effective supervision starts with enhanced skills and collaboration. october 5, 2026 read more featured effective supervision starts with enhanced skills and collaboration. october 5, 2026 effective supervision starts with enhanced skills and collaboration. featured the egmont group participates in panel discussions at the 15th un congress on crime prevention and criminal justice october 2, 2026 the egmont group participates in panel discussions at the 15th un congress on crime prevention and criminal justice featured ecofel seeks subject matter expert for new risk-based approaches and national risk assessments elearning course september 29, 2026 ecofel seeks subject matter expert for new risk-based approaches and national risk assessments elearning course featured bringing together virtual asset experts and financial intelligence professionals in nairobi, kenya! september 25, 2026 bringing together virtual asset experts and financial intelligence professionals in nairobi, kenya! featured new egmont group report examines the role of fius in strategic intelligence september 17, 2026 new egmont group report examines the role of fius in strategic intelligence featured registration for the europe i &#038; ii regional virtual assets workshop is now open! september 16, 2026 registration for the europe i &#038; ii regional virtual assets workshop is now open! featured egmont group highlights digital assets and public-private partnerships at astana finance days september 10, 2026 egmont group highlights digital assets and public-private partnerships at astana finance days featured job opportunity &#8211; instructional designer &#8211; ecofel certification program september 8, 2026 job opportunity &#8211; instructional designer &#8211; ecofel certification program featured job opportunity &#8211; senior officer working and regional groups august 18, 2026 job opportunity &#8211; senior officer working and regional groups featured iewg launches new environmental crimes bulletin series july 28, 2026 iewg launches new environmental crimes bulletin series featured effective supervision starts with enhanced skills and collaboration. october 5, 2026 read more latest news effective supervision starts with enhanced skills and collaboration. ecofel has successfully concluded its workshop on risk-based supervision for aml/cft purposes, delivered in collaboration with the swiss state... read more the egmont group participates in panel discussions at the 15th un congress on crime prevention and criminal justice the egmont group, represented by executive secretary jérôme beaumont, participated in two panel discussions at the 15th united nations... read more ecofel seeks subject matter expert for new risk-based approaches and national risk assessments elearning course ecofel is pleased to announce a request for proposal (rfp) for the development of an elearning course as part... read more load more past events regional workshop in riyadh advances fiu, law enforcement, and prosecutor collaboration across mena the ecofel, in cooperation with the saudi arabia financial investigation unit (safiu), successfully completed the “cooperation and information sharing... read more fic workshop in bangkok unites fius and customs authorities across asia-pacific and eurasia to strengthen joint action against financial crime another successful milestone for the financial intelligence compendium (fic): the egmont group, the ecofel, and the world customs organization... read more luxembourg’s fiu (crf) hosts the 30th anniversary of the egmont group at this year’s plenary luxembourg – marking the 30th anniversary of the egmont group of financial intelligence units, the annual egmont group plenary... read more load more about organization and structure ecofel leadership financial intelligence units money laundering and terrorist financing news and events news events working groups iewg mscwg ppwg tatwg members by region affiliates resources working with the egmont group faqs contact us egmont group membership applications fraud alert the egmont group is a membership based international organization and does not solicit public funds for its operations. march 23, 2021 the egmont group has been made aware of attempts to misuse its name for fraudulent or illegitimate purposes. please note learn more &copy; 2026 the egmont group back to top of page
