responsible sourcing | lbma find out more register for the global precious metals conference in sorrento, italy global global 中文網站 contact about about about lbma our team lbma board independent decision-making committee lbma sub-committees origins of the london bullion market history of global trade in bullion member login market standards market standards as the independent authority for precious metals, we set standards that uphold trust in the global market. market overview about loco london a guide to the loco london precious metals market training and education our standards market standards global precious metals code good delivery responsible sourcing incident review process regulation resources financial regulation due diligence regulation reach review process case studies hqla wgc and lbma launch joint hqla website gold and hqla: correcting misleading online information lbma precious metals market report read about the latest quarter in the precious metals market read now membership membership lbma membership demonstrates a commitment to uphold global standards within the precious metals market. overview about membership current members rules for members become a member how to join membership eligibility membership benefits lbma subscriber membership faqs already a member? login to stay updated with lbma member news and events log in here good delivery good delivery the standard trusted around the world, good delivery guarantees metal quality in the market. lbma owns and manages the good delivery lists for both gold and silver. overview about good delivery good delivery rules and governance good delivery faqs lists good delivery current list data good delivery former list data russian good delivery bars information application process how to apply for good delivery accreditation advancing standards proactive monitoring proficiency testing scheme resources reference materials vault operators training visual guide physical market guidelines past assaying and refining conferences good delivery newsletters gbi gold bar security features gold bar integrity ecosystem gdl newsletter read the latest newsletter from our good delivery team on committee updates, refinery visits and more read now responsible sourcing responsible sourcing all lbma good delivery list refiners must adhere to our responsible sourcing programme. with annual independent auditing and public reporting, the programme builds global demand for responsible sourcing. overview responsible sourcing approved assurance providers overview approved assurance providers lbma&#039;s asm initiative guidance &amp; tools guidance documents refiners toolkit consultations public consultation: responsible gold guidance version 10 disclosure guidance version 3 resources international bullion centre recommendations introductory training module responsible sourcing faqs reporting country of origin data sustainability and responsible sourcing reports responsible sourcing newsletters review process case studies lbma position on the north mara mine claim supporting pathways for responsible asm lbma’s new report explores the progress made between 2022-2025 to help build the foundations for greater inclusion of responsibly sourced asm gold in formal supply chains. read now responsible gold guidance v10: public consultation rgg10 draws on implementation experience since the introduction of v9, developments in responsible sourcing practice, and lbma’s commitment to continuous improvement. discover more responsible sourcing newsletter summit discussions moved from dialogue to action, lbma held its first in-person ibc roundtable, and a public consultation is launched on rgg10. read now pricing &amp; data pricing &amp; data view information about lbma prices and data. overview about lbma daily auction prices lbma gold price lbma silver price lbma platinum and palladium price clearing vaulting data lbma precious metal prices lbma daily trade reporting data clearing data london vault data value dates country of origin data gold price: lbma snapshot survey of professional analysts gold is forecast to price at around $4,500 at year-end according to the average of a survey of 16 professional analysts conducted by lbma. find out more lbma responds to pra consultation paper: modernising the liquidity policy framework lbma supports the pra’s focus on liquidity usability, including monetisation speed, operational readiness and access to bank of england liquidity. discover more news news read the latest news, publications and resources which outline our key initiatives. news and resources newsroom alchemist publications lbma annual precious metals forecast survey centenary of the lbma gold price wonders of gold press page alchemist 122: in gold we trust? our latest alchemist explores how gold from e-waste is being recycled with new technology, examines some of the factors influencing the modern global economy, highlights governance updates within lbma, and more. read now iba to administer lbma platinum and palladium price benchmarks from 1 july 2026 a licence from iba is required in order to obtain, use or redistribute real-time or historical lbma platinum and palladium price data from that date. find out more events events read the latest news, upcoming events and resources. events and webinars upcoming events past events webinar series standards of conduct at lbma events global precious metals conference 2026 join us in sorrento where we will be delivering world class insight, networking and debate, while celebrating a landmark 25 years of this flagship event. register now conference 2026 market standards market standards as the independent authority for precious metals, we set standards that uphold trust in the global market. market overview about loco london a guide to the loco london precious metals market training and education our standards market standards global precious metals code good delivery responsible sourcing incident review process regulation resources financial regulation due diligence regulation reach review process case studies hqla wgc and lbma launch joint hqla website gold and hqla: correcting misleading online information lbma precious metals market report read about the latest quarter in the precious metals market discover more membership membership lbma membership demonstrates a commitment to uphold global standards within the precious metals market. overview about membership current members rules for members become a member how to join membership eligibility membership benefits lbma subscriber membership faqs already a member? login to stay updated with lbma member news and events discover more good delivery good delivery the standard trusted around the world, good delivery guarantees metal quality in the market. lbma owns and manages the good delivery lists for both gold and silver. overview about good delivery good delivery rules and governance good delivery faqs lists good delivery current list data good delivery former list data russian good delivery bars information application process how to apply for good delivery accreditation advancing standards proactive monitoring proficiency testing scheme resources reference materials vault operators training visual guide physical market guidelines past assaying and refining conferences good delivery newsletters gbi gold bar security features gold bar integrity ecosystem gdl newsletter read the latest newsletter from our good delivery team on committee updates, refinery visits and more discover more responsible sourcing responsible sourcing all lbma good delivery list refiners must adhere to our responsible sourcing programme. with annual independent auditing and public reporting, the programme builds global demand for responsible sourcing. overview responsible sourcing approved assurance providers overview approved assurance providers lbma&#039;s asm initiative guidance &amp; tools guidance documents refiners toolkit consultations public consultation: responsible gold guidance version 10 disclosure guidance version 3 resources international bullion centre recommendations introductory training module responsible sourcing faqs reporting country of origin data sustainability and responsible sourcing reports responsible sourcing newsletters review process case studies lbma position on the north mara mine claim supporting pathways for responsible asm lbma’s new report explores the progress made between 2022-2025 to help build the foundations for greater inclusion of responsibly sourced asm gold in formal supply chains. discover more responsible gold guidance v10: public consultation rgg10 draws on implementation experience since the introduction of v9, developments in responsible sourcing practice, and lbma’s commitment to continuous improvement. discover more responsible sourcing newsletter summit discussions moved from dialogue to action, lbma held its first in-person ibc roundtable, and a public consultation is launched on rgg10. discover more pricing &amp; data pricing &amp; data view information about lbma prices and data. overview about lbma daily auction prices lbma gold price lbma silver price lbma platinum and palladium price clearing vaulting data lbma precious metal prices lbma daily trade reporting data clearing data london vault data value dates country of origin data gold price: lbma snapshot survey of professional analysts gold is forecast to price at around $4,500 at year-end according to the average of a survey of 16 professional analysts conducted by lbma. discover more lbma responds to pra consultation paper: modernising the liquidity policy framework lbma supports the pra’s focus on liquidity usability, including monetisation speed, operational readiness and access to bank of england liquidity. discover more news news read the latest news, publications and resources which outline our key initiatives. news and resources newsroom alchemist publications lbma annual precious metals forecast survey centenary of the lbma gold price wonders of gold press page alchemist 122: in gold we trust? our latest alchemist explores how gold from e-waste is being recycled with new technology, examines some of the factors influencing the modern global economy, highlights governance updates within lbma, and more. discover more iba to administer lbma platinum and palladium price benchmarks from 1 july 2026 a licence from iba is required in order to obtain, use or redistribute real-time or historical lbma platinum and palladium price data from that date. discover more events events read the latest news, upcoming events and resources. events and webinars upcoming events past events webinar series standards of conduct at lbma events global precious metals conference 2026 join us in sorrento where we will be delivering world class insight, networking and debate, while celebrating a landmark 25 years of this flagship event. discover more global global global 中文網站 contact about about about lbma our team lbma board independent decision-making committee lbma sub-committees origins of the london bullion market history of global trade in bullion member login responsible sourcing a cornerstone of lbma is our responsible sourcing programme, which is aimed at promoting international ethical standards amongst gold and silver refiners. lbma's responsible sourcing programme underpins the drive for continuous improvement of standards and responsible business practices designed to protect the value of the gold we all treasure. pursuant to the rsp, all metal sourced from the lbma good delivery (gdl) refiners is subject to an assurance process to establish that it is responsibly sourced. the programme follows the five-step due diligence framework set out in the oecd guidance and requires gdl refiners to demonstrate their efforts to combat money laundering, terrorist financing and human rights abuses, and respect the environment globally. lbma is taking a leading role by creating a coalition of willing partners across the global precious metals industry. this work includes co-ordinating the industry - including international bullion centres, bullion banks, ngos and central banks - to identify and implement best practices, with the ultimate objective of positioning precious metals as part of the solution to sustainability, rather than an obstruction. watch now transcript transcript sakhila mirza it is essential that all precious metals traded in the wholesale market are sourced responsibly. neil harby it ensures that gold sourced from conflict affected and high-risk areas, is responsibly sourced. but it also ensures that it’s not contributing to terrorist financing, money laundering activities and human rights abuses. sm all good delivery list refiners, gold and silver, selling metal into the london market must comply with the lbma responsible sourcing programme. that basically means, that every 12-months they must undergo an independent third-party audit. nh it is a code of practice and a series of tools that enables participants in the supply chain to develop responsible sourcing practices. failure to adhere to the lbma’s responsible sourcing programme will result in the removal of the refiner from the good delivery lists. sm we have a robust incident management process, that allows us to address issues within the market. we strongly encourage market participants to escalate issues to the lbma. communication and engagement are very important to the success of this programme. we’re developing and encouraging best practices and constantly improving responsible sourcing standards that apply to both refiners and auditors. ultimately, the responsible sourcing programme helps to create trust and confidence within this global market. sustainability and responsible sourcing reports lbma’s annual sustainability and responsible sourcing report, first released in 2020, covers programme development, refiners’ and assurance provider's performance, case studies, and aggregate gold and silver country of origin information for all refiners. sustainability and responsible sourcing strategy 2024-2026 this document outlines lbma's three-year strategy that will continue to improve our core sustainability activities. read the strategy . 2025 sustainability and responsible sourcing report we lived our values this year more than ever; transparency has been the name of the game for 2025 at lbma. read the report . 2024 sustainability and responsible sourcing report the report updates the global precious metals market on its progress against key deliverables contained in its responsible sourcing programme (rsp) and its wider sustainability objectives. read the report . 2023 sustainability and responsible sourcing report the report aims to increase the transparency of the lbma responsible sourcing programme. read the report . 2022 sustainability and responsible sourcing report formerly the responsible sourcing report, the title has been expanded to reflect the importance of sustainability considerations when focusing on responsible sourcing. read the report. 2022 sustainability and responsible sourcing report - chinese version 可持续发展和 负责任采购报告 2022 2021 responsible sourcing report the aim of the report is to increase the transparency of the lbma responsible sourcing programme. read the report. 2020 responsible sourcing report our first report covers programme development as well as refiners’ and auditors’ annual performance. also includes case studies and aggregate gold and silver country of origin information for all refiners. read the report . 2020 responsible sourcing report - chinese version 负责任采购 报告 2020 responsible gold guidance lbma is pleased to announce the publication of version 9 of the responsible gold guidance (rgg). the rgg is the document that underpins lbma’s responsible sourcing programme. find out more ibc recommendations recommendations for international bullion centres (ibcs) focus on the strategic priorities of responsible sourcing of recycled gold, eliminating cash transactions, and support for artisanal and small-scale mining (asm). find out more feasibility study by gregory mthembu-salter &amp; dr. thomas salter towards an lbma good delivery list for artisanal and small-scale responsibly sourced gold find out more feasibility study: lbma board response lbma board response to the phuzumoya consulting report: towards an lbma good delivery list for artisanal and small-scale responsibly sourced gold find out more governance learn more about lbma’s governance of the programme including incident review process, sanctions, and whistleblowing policies. find out more guidance documents view the core documents which create the responsible sourcing programme including responsible gold guidance and third party audit guidance. find out more refiners disclosure guidance the refiners disclosure guidance has been developed to provide support to good delivery list refiners in the implementation of the responsible sourcing programme reporting and disclosure requirements. find out more areas of focus value chain accountability – building leverage build the awareness, trust and mutual confidence of stakeholders in the precious metals value chain to increase accountability and enhance collaboration advancing standards – defining best practice advance responsible sourcing standards and business practices to strengthen refiners’ risk assessment practices and provide more focus on progressive risk mitigation audit programme – enhancing credibility strengthen the robustness of step 4 of the responsible sourcing programme to improve confidence in the assurance process transparency – improving disclosure and reporting enhance disclosure against step 5 of the responsible sourcing programme to improve the transparency of the precious metals supply chain artisanal small-scale mining (asm) – engaging responsibly encourage and facilitate responsible engagement by refiners in the precious metal supply chains of artisanal and small-scale mining got any questions? get in touch to discuss how we are pushing the responsible sourcing areas of focus contact us stay updated register to access the latest lbma news and events through our email alerts register at mylbma lbma about us membership current members contact us our team newsroom mylbma quicklinks prices and data lbma daily trade reporting data good delivery alchemist events responsible sourcing a guide to the loco london precious metals market 中文網站 &copy; 2026 lbma 7th floor, 62 threadneedle street, london ec2r 8hp | lbma privacy notice
