namlcftc | home group 2 group home about us mandate namlcftc structure careers media press releases events open data open data listing open data policy interactive statistics more knowledge centre reports laws &amp; regulations support uae strategy objectives 12 strategic goals jurisdictions high risk countries countries under increased monitoring digital participation digital participation policy polls contact us accessibility settings text size a- a+ theme color #39b54a #000000 #da291c color blind mode default switch checkbox input night reading mode default switch checkbox input translate this page listen notifications no new notifications search by keywords by sentence search history {{history.search}} العربية was this page helpful? welcome to namlcftc website the uae national anti money laundering and combatting financing of terrorism and financing of illegal organizations committee (namlcftc) is the primary body for policy making and issuing regulations to combat money laundering and terrorism financing in the uae. namlcftc structure 25 years of dedication 8 sub-committees about us learn more about namlcftc background mandate back the uae national anti money laundering and combatting financing of terrorism and financing of illegal organizations committee (namlcftc) is the primary body for policy making and issuing regulations to combat money laundering and terrorism financing in the uae. read more according to federal decree-law no. (20) of 2018 on anti money laundering and combatting the financing of terrorism and financing of illegal organisations and its amendments, the national committee for anti money laundering and combatting the financing of terrorism and financing of illegal organizations (namlcftc) has competence over the following activities - preparing and developing a national strategy to combat crime and proposing related regulations, policies, and procedures in co-ordination with the competent authorities, and monitoring their implementation. read more faqs support what is the crime of money laundering? money laundering refers to the following acts: any person with knowledge that funds held are the proceeds of a felony or a misdemeanour, and who wilfully commits any of the following acts, shall be considered a perpetrator of the crime of money laundering: transferring or moving proceeds or conducting any transaction with the aim of concealing or disguising their illegal source. concealing or disguising the true nature, source or location of the proceeds as well as the method involving their disposition, movement, ownership of or rights with respect to said proceeds. acquiring, possessing or using proceeds upon receipt. assisting the perpetrator of the predicate offence to escape punishment. the crime of money laundering is considered as an independent crime. the punishment of the perpetrator for the predicate offence shall not prevent his punishment for the crime of money laundering proving the illicit source of the proceeds should not constitute a prerequisite to sentencing the perpetrator of the predicate offence what are the uae’s international obligations in combatting financial crime? to combat financial crime, the uae endorses and implements various international and regional initiatives. they include: forty recommendations issued in 2012 by the financial action task force: international standards on combating money laundering and the financing of terrorism and proliferation; the basel statement of principles issued by basel committee to prevent the use of banking system for criminal purposes; european community directive to prevent the utilisation of the banking system for money laundering activities; and the council of europe convention on money laundering, search, seizure and confiscation of the proceeds from crime. what is the objective of namlcftc? our objective is to protect the nation’s financial and economic stability by reducing the threat of criminal economic activity in the uae. to achieve this, we work towards 12 strategic goals . more faqs recent updates significant progress achieved by the national committee for combatting money laundering and the financing of terrorism and illegal organisations (namlcftc) regime in the uae author | 31 august 2021 | 3 min read read more press releases the national committee for combatting money laundering and financing of terrorism and illegal organisations holds its first meeting for 2021 author | 28 january 2021 | 3 min read read more press releases authority members show all authority members ministry of foreign affairs and international cooperation ministry of interior ministry of finance ministry of justice ministry of economy ministry of community development central bank of uae federal customs authority securities and commodities authority general authority for islamic affairs and endowments useful links fatf menafatf back financial action task force the financial action task force, also known by its french name, groupe d&#39;action financi&#232;re, is an intergovernmental organisation founded in 1989 on the initiative of the g7 to develop policies to combat money laundering. in 2001, its mandate was expanded to include terrorism financing. www.fatf-gafi.org menafatf - middle east and north africa financial action task force the middle east and north africa financial action task force (menafatf) is a fatf-style regional body (fsrb) for countries in the middle east and north africa. through the organization, members work to adopt and implement the fatf recommendations as well as anti-terrorism treaties and un security council resolutions. www.menafatf.org subscribe sign up to our newsletter so that we reach out to you with the latest updates. email address already exists please provide a valid email address please provide a valid email address please provide a valid email address thank you for subscribing last updated 26 february 2025 total visitors 2744697 screen resolution site is best viewed in a 1280x1024 screen resolution. browser compatibility microsoft edge, google chrome, safari, firefox &copy; 2026 uae namlcftc about us mandate namlcftc structure careers media press releases events open data open data listing open data policy interactive statistics knowledge centre reports laws &amp; regulations support uae strategy objectives 12 strategic goals jurisdictions high risk countries countries under increased monitoring digital participation digital participation policy polls call center +971 2 691 5572 working hours monday to friday - reach out king abdullah bin abdulaziz al saud st - al bateen w34 - abu dhabi po box 854 subscribe to our newsletter email address already exists please provide a valid email address please provide a valid email address please provide a valid email address thank you for subscribing accessibility policy customer charter privacy policy terms disclaimer rss feed events rss feed press release rss feed add a comment home first name * please provide a valid value for first name last name * please provide a valid value for last name email * please provide a valid email address subject * please provide a valid value for subject description * please provide a valid value for description fields marked with * are mandatory. reset submit
