world's premier business destination | dmcc skip to content quick links member portal insights help centre en english العربية deutsch español français עברית 한국어 português русский 简体中文 this is a search field with an auto-suggest feature attached. there are no suggestions because the search field is empty. contact us business set up a new business business setup packages open a branch transfer a business family office spvs and holding companies become a dmcc partner ecosystems agro tea coffee cacao gold diamonds lab-grown diamonds coloured gemstones energy water tech gaming crypto ai e-commerce financial services finx wealth hub maritime sustainability destination uptown dubai jlt members licence renewal packages value added service member portal property portfolio key accounts support about insights sustainability news events blog directories public register careers support start your business news events blog directories public register careers support where the world does business welcome to dmcc the world’s premier business destination a global hub for business, trade and commerce that is home to 26,000 companies ranging from start-ups to multinational corporations. a smart, sustainable, and vibrant destination featuring world-class offices, residential, leisure and retail facilities catering to more than 90,000 professionals and 100,000 residents and visitors. situated in the heart of dubai, one of the world’s most dynamic cities, dmcc presents an unparalleled vision for the future of business that will connect you to the world and transform the way you work, live and play. our story dmcc is a geographically designated and defined area in the united arab emirates and is considered a qualified free zone for the purposes of the uae corporate tax law (federal decree-law no. 47 of 2022 on taxation of corporations and businesses and its amendments). this allows businesses operating in the free zone to benefit from a 0% corporate tax rate on qualifying income as specified by the relevant corporate tax cabinet and ministerial decisions. for the benefits of operating in the free zone, please click here: corporate tax – ministry of finance – united arab emirates ( mof.gov.ae ) swipe #1 financial times' fdi’s global knowledge zone two years in a row and 9-time winner of the global free zone of the year award 26,000+ registered companies 87 residential and commercial towers 15% of dubai’s annual fdi the future of trade rebuilding through rupture watch video the future of trade rebuilding through rupture dmcc's flagship biennial report on global trade examines how geopolitical shifts, technological change and macroeconomic forces are reshaping trade, and what that demands of the businesses and governments operating within it. informed by roundtables across the world's major trade centres and a survey of business leaders, each edition combines rigorous research with direct insight from the industry. download the 2026 report explore dmcc business ecosystems destination our story member benefits dmcc for business discover more about the world's foremost business hub and free zone, where more than 26,000 companies, ranging from dynamic start-ups to international giants, thrive in a vibrant ecosystem. learn more dmcc ecosystems for trade recognised as the world’s leading trade and enterprise hub for commodities, dmcc is the destination of choice for firms specialising in precious stones &amp; metals, agri -products , energy, digital assets and a diverse range of products and services . learn more dmcc as a destination experience the vibrancy of modern dubai at dmcc , home to the dynamic mixed-use destination, jumeirah lake tower s (jlt) , and the upcoming mega-development, uptown dubai , renowned as one of the city’s most-anticipated residential and lifestyle hotspot s . learn more our story for more than two decades, dmcc has championed dubai's economic diversification, helping solidify its position as a global business hub. committed to continuous innovation, dmcc’s dynamic business ecosystem empowers 26,000+ registered companies and drives dubai’s economic growth. learn more about our storied past and vision for the future. learn more member benefits join the dmcc community and unlock exclusive privileges. as a member, you'll tap into unparalleled value-added services, exclusive networking events, and our elite rewards programme. elevate your business journey with dmcc. learn more why choose dmcc learn more business friendly tax environment 0% personal income tax prime location in the heart of new dubai with direct access to ultra-modern transport, tech and business infrastructure. flexible office solutions office solutions designed for maximum flexibility to suit diverse business needs. 100% business ownership repatriate all profits to your home country. member portal access services anytime, anywhere through the dmcc member portal. vibrant community one of dubai’s most vibrant communities, home to 90,000 professionals and 100,000 residents and visitors. 26,000+ company connections connect with 26,000+ companies from 180+ countries specialising in 1,000+ licensed activities. simple setup simple setup process and variety of flexible, cost-effective licensing options show more set up your company in three easy steps learn more 01 discover explore our business setup wizard to find your ideal package proposal tailored to your specific licensing requirements, covering insights into the relevant process, requirements and setup costs. 02 process experience a seamless process by following these three simple steps: begin with submitting your online pre-approval application, proceed to payment and document signing, and then select the office solution that best fits your needs. learn more 03 launch receive your e-license, empowering your business to thrive in dmcc’s dynamic environment. the entire process takes around 10 working days. what’s on the future of trade report 2026: rebuilding through rupture discover how the architecture of global trade is being rebuilt through rupture with dmcc’s biennial flagship report. dmcc annual report 2025 explore dmcc's 2025 achievements in growth, innovation, and global trade. the future of trade report: agri commodities series: special meat edition discover how rising sustainability and supply chain shocks are shifting the meat trade. the future of trade report: agri commodities series: special tea edition explore the evolution of tea, from its traditional roots to its powerful transformation affecting global trade. the future of trade report: special lab-grown diamond edition discover how lab-grown diamonds have evolved from scientific curiosity to a mainstream commercial force. 2025 dubai business set up guide the ultimate guide to set up, operate and expand your business in dubai. the future of trade report: agri commodities series: special cocoa edition explore the evolving cocoa trade, driven by supply shocks and shifting consumer demand. the future of trade report: agri commodities series: special coffee edition discover dubai's role in the shifting global coffee market, including supply chain pressures and the emergence of new markets. dmcc premium office solutions discover premium office spaces in jlt built for success with 26,000+ member companies representing 180+ countries specialising in 900+ business activities, dmcc is the world’s most dynamic business hub and district. success stories news and insights news and insights dmcc establishes lab-grown diamond vertical as uae trade reaches record 76.9 million carats dmcc gaming centre grows 30% as dmcc and serbian games association sign strategic partnership at gamescom 2026 to expand europe-middle east gaming corridor dmcc announces 9% growth in indian companies as it concludes made for trade live roadshow in pune and mumbai dmcc to host second edition of dubai diamond week this october as global diamond industry convenes in dubai dmcc signs strategic partnership with hong kong tinkam capital to drive industrial investment between hong kong and dubai dmcc signs landmark mou with botswana stock exchange group to establish sister-hub trade corridor and expand global market access for botswana’s commodity exports dmcc announces record usd 41.7 billion in diamond trade through dubai in 2025 dmcc’s dubai diamond exchange and london diamond bourse sign memorandum of understanding to strengthen global diamond trade dmcc launches dmcc cyber as it formalises tech ecosystem uniting over 4,000 companies dmcc signs strategic partnership with naturalim france miel to advance dmcc honey centre upcoming events view all events 07 sep 2026 silver bar tokenisation launch in person crypto 08 sep 2026 dmcc disputes centre training webinar business 08 sep 2026 expanding from southeast asia through dubai: a private session for selected asean business leaders in person business 08 sep 2026 gamescale – global distribution platform in person gaming 09 sep 2026 gaming &amp; ai tech talks: south korea edition webinar ai made for trade gaming 10 sep 2026 dubai: a growth hub for latam tech webinar business made for trade ai crypto tech 10 sep 2026 gold and wealth: a new exclusive wealth strategy in person gold 14 sep 2026 from shanghai to dubai: setup your business in dubai with dmcc made for trade business made for trade 16 sep 2026 expand your manufacturing, ai &amp; tech business from wuxi to dubai - set up with dmcc made for trade business made for trade 17 sep 2026 from xi’an to the world: setup in dubai with dmcc made for trade business made for trade 17 sep 2026 the sustainability social: connect and inspire in person sustainability business 20 sep 2026 - 25 sep 2026 rapaport melee &amp; quarterly auction tender diamonds 22 sep 2026 uae talent market insight – web3 &amp; blockchain in person crypto tech 23 sep 2026 uae employment law workshop: cases, challenges and solutions in person business 24 sep 2026 trade in dubai, thrive with dmcc | london, uk made for trade made for trade business 28 sep 2026 - 30 sep 2026 ru’ya career fair 2026 in person business 28 sep 2026 long term investment in dubai: wealth structures and family offices in person business 28 sep 2026 inventory financing on tradeflow ecosystem, process &amp; benefits in person energy 29 sep 2026 - 30 sep 2026 cv summit 2026 in person crypto 30 sep 2026 wealth hub zurich at cv summit: structuring for long-term in person business 06 oct 2026 - 07 oct 2026 ai everything 2026 in person ai tech 26 oct 2026 dubai diamond conference 2026 flagship event diamonds 27 oct 2026 - 29 oct 2026 jewellery, gem &amp; technology in dubai in person coloured gemstones diamonds lab grown diamonds 16 nov 2026 - 17 nov 2026 dubai precious metals conference 2026 flagship event gold about our company board of directors awards success stories corporate security policy help contact us member portal help centre newsroom news media room factsheets executive biographies careers early careers jobs life in dmcc sustainability our commitment download report business directory members directory restaurant directory public register how can we help? contact us explore more terms of use privacy policy all rights reserved. copyright dmcc
