virtual assets regulatory authority (vara) - vara العربية menu العربية a singular approach to regulation empowering innovation through responsible regulation of the virtual assets industry. the virtual assets regulatory authority (vara) is responsible for regulating and overseeing the provision, use, and exchange of virtual assets in and from the emirate of dubai. regulations &amp; guidelines vara full market product regulations set out a comprehensive virtual asset framework. learn more regulation-and-guideline-button licence applications to apply for a vara licence all applicants follow a two-step process. learn more vara-licence-process-button public register vara publishes a list of licensed virtual asset service providers (vasp) in the emirate of dubai. view registry vasp-registry-button enforcement ensuring swift action against regulatory breaches. learn more vasp-enforcement-button regulations &amp; guidelines vara full market product regulations set out a comprehensive virtual asset framework. learn more regulation-and-guideline-button licence applications to apply for a vara licence all applicants follow a two-step process. learn more vara-licence-process-button public register vara publishes a list of licensed virtual asset service providers (vasp) in the emirate of dubai. view registry vasp-registry-button enforcement ensuring swift action against regulatory breaches. learn more vasp-enforcement-button as the world&#x27;s first independent regulator for virtual assets, vara serves as a transparent and trusted guiding authority for the emerging world of virtual assets. vara aims to take its mission global by creating an easy to replicate framework to regulate the industry. leveraging expertise from global experts and organisations and collaborating with relevant local financial regulatory authorities, vara is helping to mitigate risk and facilitate cross-border operations and innovation to enable safe market adoption and growth. the sustained growth of virtual assets requires robust regulation built on the principles of economic sustainability, consumer protection and cross-border financial security. vara’s role is to provide a world-leading regulatory framework to protect investors, maintain high levels of risk assurance and facilitate virtual asset innovation in the emirate of dubai. vara plays a vital role in dubai&#x27;s digital economy, acting as a trusted regulatory authority for the virtual asset space. by establishing international standards for virtual assets, vara helps to ensure that dubai maintains and further strengthens its position as a global leader in the world of digital finance. learn more about vara learn-more-about-vara virtual assets and related activities regulations 2023 vara is the world’s first, tailor-made virtual assets regime, and as such, its regulations are designed to specifically cater for the provision of permissible activities and services to customers and investors, in and from the emirate of dubai. view regulations learn more about vara news and announcements see our latest news and announcements see all news see all news button 12 jun 2026 announcement vara publishes aml/cft business risk assessment guidance read more vara publishes aml/cft business risk assessment guidance 1 jun 2026 circulars publication of uae proliferation financing national risk assessment (pf nra) 2026 and required actions read more publication of uae proliferation financing national risk assessment (pf nra) 2026 and required actions the virtual assets regulatory authority (vara) is the sole authority regulating virtual assets across dubai’s free zones and mainland, except within the jurisdiction of dubai international financial centre (difc). payment portal regulations &amp; guidelines licence applications licensed activities public register regulatory notices about vara news &amp; announcements contact faq why dubai copyright virtual assets regulatory authority (vara). all rights reserved. notice regarding endorsements privacy policy terms of use
